
Inspirational!
Now with difficulty!
Minors welcome!
Hard to label!
Call your mother!
Jag känner en bot!
Try the mushroom stew!
Has an ending!
20 GOTO 10!
Leveraging synergy!
Ryan also has amazing hair!
Made by "real" people!
Verlet intregration!

Consummate V's!
Absolutely fixed relatively broken coordinates
Edit is a name!
Cześć Polsko!
Not as cool as Spock!
Oh man!
Try it!
Tougher than diamonds, rich like cream!
Afraid of the big, black bat!

Contains simulated goats!

That's no moon!
Now with additional stuff!
§2Take a breath, now. Take another. Feel air in your lungs. Let your limbs return. Yes, move your fingers. Have a body again, under gravity, in air. Respawn in the long dream. There you are. Your body touching the universe again at every point, as though you were separate things. As though we were separate things.
Support elderly relatives and friends!
Ahhhhhh!
Turing complete!
Also try Limbo!
Guaranteed!
Uninflammable!
Throw yourself at the ground and miss
Big Pointy Teeth!
§3You are the player. The story. The program. The human. Made from nothing but milk and love.
<3 Max & 99 & Ducky!
I see your vocabulary has improved!
Very influential in its circle!
From free range developers!

As seen on TV!
Survive!
§2and the universe said you are stronger than you know
Cloud computing!
A riddle, wrapped in a mystery!
§2and the universe said you are not separate from every other thing
Autonomous!
Legal in Finland!
Put that cookie down!

§3You. You. You are alive.


Han shot first!


Replaced molten cheese with blood?
Strange, but not a stranger!
Ph1lza had a good run!
§2And the player was a new story, never told before, written in letters of DNA. And the player was a new program, never run before, generated by a sourcecode a billion years old. And the player was a new human, never alive before, made from nothing but milk and love.
§3and the universe said you are the daylight
Undefeated!
You are welcome here!
§2and sometimes the player believed the universe had spoken to it through the sunlight that came through the shuffling leaves of the summer trees
Do it all, everything!
Funk soul brother!
Prepare, but don’t hoard!
Spiders everywhere!
So fresh, so clean!
§2Shush... Sometimes the player read lines of code on a screen. Decoded them into words; decoded words into meaning; decoded meaning into feelings, emotions, theories, ideas, and the player started to breathe faster and deeper and realised it was alive, it was alive, those thousand deaths had not been real, the player was alive
doot doot
§3No. It has not yet achieved the highest level. That, it must achieve in the long dream of life, not the short dream of a game.

Don't feed avocados to parrots!

§2It is reading our thoughts as though they were words on a screen.


Ride the pig!
Stay safe!
§3The player was you, PLAYERNAME.
Sensational!


Gasp!
§f"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." §7- Unknown
It's here!
Doesn't avoid double negatives!
Random splash!
Wash your hands!
Livestreamed!
Polynomial!
All is full of love!
Oh, ok, Pigmen!
PC gaming since 1873!
Rita is the new top dog!
1% sugar!
Thank you for the fish!
Now With Multiplayer!

Flashing letters!
Check out the far lands!
§3Sometimes the player dreamed it watched words on a screen.
See you next Friday or so!
Meeting expectations!
§3I like this player. It played well. It did not give up.
§2Sometimes it believed it was in a universe that was made of energy that was made of offs and ons; zeros and ones; lines of code. Sometimes it believed it was playing a game. Sometimes it believed it was reading words on a screen.
Hang out with your friends online!
In case it isn't obvious, foxes aren't players.
Eple (original edit)!
Get to the coppah!
한국 안녕하세요!


90% bug free!

There's <<a cat on ,my keyboard!~
Place ALL the blocks!
Who put it there?
§3To cure it of sorrow would destroy it. The sorrow is part of its own private task. We cannot interfere.
§3They used to hear voices. Before players could read. Back in the days when those who did not play called the players witches, and warlocks. And players dreamed they flew through the air, on sticks powered by demons.
It's finished!
All rumors are true!
Whoa, dude!
Thematic!
Woo, 2pp!
Engage!
Look mum, I'm in a splash!
Also try Project Zomboid!
Now in 3D!
§2Sometimes it thought itself human, on the thin crust of a spinning globe of molten rock. The ball of molten rock circled a ball of blazing gas that was three hundred and thirty thousand times more massive than it. They were so far apart that light took eight minutes to cross the gap. The light was information from a star, and it could burn your skin from a hundred and fifty million kilometres away.
Played by cowboys!
§2Sometimes the player dreamed it was a miner, on the surface of a world that was flat, and infinite. The sun was a square of white. The days were short; there was much to do; and death was a temporary inconvenience.
.party()!
Go to the dentist!


Pumpa kungen!
Menger sponge!
Java 16 + 1 = 17!

What's the question?
DungeonQuest is unfair!
§3Sometimes the player dreamed it was lost in a story.


§2The atoms of the player were scattered in the grass, in the rivers, in the air, in the ground. A woman gathered the atoms; she drank and ate and inhaled; and the woman assembled the player, in her body.
